fled	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
fled	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
fled	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
fled	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The correct answer is
fled	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
fled	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
fled	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
fled	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
fled	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
fled	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
fled	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
fled	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
fled	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
fled	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
fled	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The correct answer is
fled	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
fled	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
fled	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
fled	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
fled	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
fled	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
fled	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
fled	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
fled	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
pointed at	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
pointed at	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
pointed at	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
pointed at	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
pointed at	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
pointed at	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
pointed at	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
pointed at	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
pointed at	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
pointed at	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
pointed at	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
pointed at	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
pointed at	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
pointed at	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
pointed at	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
pointed at	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
pointed at	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
pointed at	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up.
Select the
pointed at	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
pointed at	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
pointed at	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
pointed at	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
pointed at	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
pointed at	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
pulled	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
pulled	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
pulled	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
pulled	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
pulled	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
pulled	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
pulled	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
pulled	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
pulled	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
pulled	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
pulled	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
pulled	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
pulled	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
pulled	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
pulled	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
pulled	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
pulled	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
pulled	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
pulled	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
pulled	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
pulled	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
pulled	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
pulled	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
pulled	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
pushed	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
pushed	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
pushed	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
pushed	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
pushed	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
pushed	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
pushed	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
pushed	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
pushed	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
pushed	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
pushed	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
pushed	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
pushed	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
pushed	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
pushed	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
pushed	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
pushed	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
pushed	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
pushed	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
pushed	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
pushed	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
pushed	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
pushed	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
pushed	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
walked	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The concept of Up
walked	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The concept of Up
walked	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The concept of walked
walked	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The concept of walked
walked	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
walked	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The concept of Up
walked	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The concept of Up
walked	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
walked	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
walked	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
walked	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
walked	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
walked	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
walked	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
walked	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
walked	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
walked	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The concept of walked
walked	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The concept of walked
walked	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
walked	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
walked	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
walked	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
walked	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The concept of walked
walked	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The concept of walked
hunted	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The concept of h
hunted	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The concept of h
hunted	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
hunted	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
hunted	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
hunted	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
hunted	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The concept of h
hunted	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
hunted	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
hunted	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
hunted	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
hunted	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
hunted	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
hunted	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
hunted	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
hunted	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
hunted	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
hunted	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
hunted	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
hunted	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
hunted	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
hunted	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
hunted	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
hunted	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
impacted	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
impacted	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
impacted	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
impacted	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
impacted	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
impacted	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
impacted	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
impacted	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
impacted	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
impacted	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
impacted	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
impacted	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
impacted	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
impacted	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
impacted	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
impacted	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
impacted	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
impacted	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
impacted	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
impacted	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
impacted	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
impacted	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
impacted	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
impacted	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
perched	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
perched	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
perched	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
perched	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
perched	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
perched	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
perched	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
perched	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
perched	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
perched	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
perched	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
perched	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
perched	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
perched	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
perched	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
perched	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
perched	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
perched	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
perched	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
perched	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
perched	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
perched	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
perched	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
perched	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
showed	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
showed	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
showed	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
showed	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
showed	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
showed	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
showed	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
showed	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
showed	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
showed	Down, Left, Right, Up	
Select the concept that
showed	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
showed	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
showed	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
showed	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
showed	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
showed	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
showed	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
showed	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
showed	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
showed	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
showed	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
showed	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
showed	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
showed	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
smashed	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
smashed	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
smashed	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
smashed	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
smashed	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
smashed	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
smashed	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
smashed	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
smashed	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
smashed	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
smashed	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
smashed	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
smashed	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
smashed	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
smashed	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
smashed	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
smashed	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
smashed	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
smashed	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
smashed	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
smashed	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
smashed	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
smashed	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
smashed	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
bombed	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
bombed	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
bombed	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
bombed	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
bombed	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
bombed	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
bombed	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
bombed	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
bombed	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
bombed	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
bombed	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
bombed	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
bombed	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
bombed	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
bombed	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
bombed	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
bombed	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
bombed	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
bombed	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
bombed	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
bombed	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
bombed	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
bombed	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
bombed	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
flew	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The concept of up
flew	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The concept of up
flew	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The concept of up
flew	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The concept of up
flew	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The concept of up
flew	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The concept of up
flew	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The concept of up
flew	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The concept of up
flew	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
flew	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
flew	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
flew	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
flew	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The concept of up
flew	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The concept of up
flew	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
flew	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
flew	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The concept of up
flew	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The concept of up
flew	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The concept of up
flew	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The concept of up
flew	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
flew	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
flew	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The concept of up
flew	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The concept of up
floated	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
floated	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
floated	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
floated	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
floated	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
floated	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
floated	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
floated	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
floated	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
floated	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
floated	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
floated	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
floated	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
floated	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
floated	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
floated	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
floated	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
floated	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
floated	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
floated	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
floated	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
floated	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
floated	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
floated	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
lifted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
lifted	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
lifted	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
lifted	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up.
Select the
lifted	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up.
Select the
sank	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
sank	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
sank	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
sank	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
sank	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
sank	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
sank	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
sank	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
sank	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
sank	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
sank	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
sank	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
sank	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
sank	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
sank	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
sank	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
sank	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
sank	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
sank	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
sank	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
sank	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
sank	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
sank	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
sank	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
argued with	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
argued with	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
argued with	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
argued with	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
argued with	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
argued with	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
argued with	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
argued with	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
argued with	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
argued with	Down, Left, Right, Up	
Select the concept that
argued with	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
argued with	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
argued with	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
argued with	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
argued with	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
argued with	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
argued with	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
argued with	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
argued with	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
argued with	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
argued with	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
argued with	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
argued with	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
argued with	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
gave to	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
gave to	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
gave to	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
gave to	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
gave to	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
gave to	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
gave to	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
gave to	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
gave to	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
gave to	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
gave to	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
gave to	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
gave to	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
gave to	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
gave to	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
gave to	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
gave to	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
gave to	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
gave to	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
gave to	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
gave to	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
gave to	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
gave to	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
gave to	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
offended	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
offended	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
offended	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
offended	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
offended	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
offended	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
offended	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
offended	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
offended	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
offended	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
offended	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
offended	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
offended	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
offended	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
offended	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
offended	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
offended	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
offended	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
offended	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
offended	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
offended	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
offended	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
offended	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
offended	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
rushed	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
rushed	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
rushed	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
rushed	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
rushed	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
rushed	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
rushed	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
rushed	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
rushed	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
rushed	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
rushed	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
rushed	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
rushed	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
rushed	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
rushed	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
rushed	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
rushed	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
rushed	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
rushed	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
rushed	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
rushed	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
rushed	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
rushed	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
rushed	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
warned	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
warned	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
warned	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
warned	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
warned	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
warned	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
warned	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
warned	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
warned	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
warned	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
warned	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
warned	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
warned	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
warned	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
warned	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
warned	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
warned	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
warned	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
warned	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
warned	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
warned	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
warned	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
warned	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
warned	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
owned	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
owned	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
owned	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
owned	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The concept of owned
owned	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
owned	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
owned	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The concept of owned
owned	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
owned	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
owned	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
owned	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
owned	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
owned	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
owned	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The concept of owned
owned	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The concept of owned
owned	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
owned	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The concept of owned
owned	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The concept of owned
owned	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
owned	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
owned	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The concept of owned
owned	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
owned	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The concept of owned
owned	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The concept of owned
regretted	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
regretted	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
regretted	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
regretted	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
regretted	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
regretted	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
regretted	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
regretted	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
regretted	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
regretted	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
regretted	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
regretted	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
regretted	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
regretted	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
regretted	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
regretted	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
regretted	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
regretted	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
regretted	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
regretted	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
regretted	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
regretted	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
regretted	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
regretted	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
rested	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
rested	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
rested	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
rested	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
rested	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
rested	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
rested	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
rested	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
rested	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
rested	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
rested	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
rested	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
rested	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
rested	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
rested	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
rested	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
rested	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
rested	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
rested	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
rested	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
rested	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
rested	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
rested	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
rested	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
tempted	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
tempted	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
tempted	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
tempted	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
tempted	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
tempted	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
tempted	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
tempted	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
tempted	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
tempted	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
tempted	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
tempted	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
tempted	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
tempted	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
tempted	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
tempted	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
tempted	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
tempted	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
tempted	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
tempted	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
tempted	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
tempted	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
tempted	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
tempted	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
wanted	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The concept of up
wanted	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The concept of up
wanted	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The concept of up
wanted	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The concept of wanted
wanted	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The concept of right
wanted	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The concept of right
wanted	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The concept of right
wanted	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The concept of right
wanted	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The concept of right
wanted	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The concept of right
hoped	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
hoped	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up.
Select the
hoped	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
hoped	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
hoped	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
hoped	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
hoped	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
hoped	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
hoped	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
hoped	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
hoped	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
hoped	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
hoped	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
hoped	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
hoped	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
hoped	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
hoped	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
hoped	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
hoped	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
hoped	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
hoped	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
hoped	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
hoped	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
hoped	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
increased	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
increased	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
increased	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
increased	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
increased	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
increased	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
increased	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
increased	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
increased	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
increased	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
increased	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
increased	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
increased	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
increased	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
increased	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
increased	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
increased	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
increased	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
increased	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
increased	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
increased	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
increased	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
increased	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
increased	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
obeyed	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
obeyed	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
obeyed	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
obeyed	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
obeyed	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
obeyed	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
obeyed	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
obeyed	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
obeyed	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
obeyed	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
obeyed	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
obeyed	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
obeyed	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
obeyed	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
obeyed	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
obeyed	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
obeyed	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
obeyed	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
obeyed	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
obeyed	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
obeyed	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
obeyed	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
obeyed	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
obeyed	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
respected	Up, Down, Left, Right	
The best representation for
respected	Up, Down, Right, Left	
The best representation for
respected	Up, Left, Down, Right	
The best representation for
respected	Up, Left, Right, Down	
The best representation for
respected	Up, Right, Down, Left	
The best representation for
respected	Up, Right, Left, Down	
The best representation for
respected	Down, Up, Left, Right	
The best representation for
respected	Down, Up, Right, Left	
The best representation for
respected	Down, Left, Up, Right	
The best representation for
respected	Down, Left, Right, Up	
The best representation for
respected	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
respected	Down, Right, Left, Up	
The best representation for
respected	Left, Up, Down, Right	
The best representation for
respected	Left, Up, Right, Down	
The best representation for
respected	Left, Down, Up, Right	
The best representation for
respected	Left, Down, Right, Up	
The best representation for
respected	Left, Right, Up, Down	
The best representation for
respected	Left, Right, Down, Up	
The best representation for
respected	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
respected	Right, Up, Left, Down	
The best representation for
respected	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
respected	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
respected	Right, Left, Up, Down	
The best representation for
respected	Right, Left, Down, Up	
The best representation for
succeeded	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Down, Right, Up, Left	
The best representation for
succeeded	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Right, Up, Down, Left	
The best representation for
succeeded	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Right, Down, Up, Left	
The best representation for
succeeded	Right, Down, Left, Up	
The best representation for
succeeded	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up.
Select the
succeeded	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up.
Select the
