fled	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up.

The
fled	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up.

The
fled	Up, Left, Down, Right	

Up


fled	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up.

The
fled	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up.

The
fled	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up.

The
fled	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Down


fled	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Down


fled	Down, Left, Up, Right	

Down


fled	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Up


fled	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Up


fled	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Up


fled	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


fled	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


fled	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


fled	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


fled	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


fled	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


fled	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


fled	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


fled	Right, Down, Up, Left	

b) Down
fled	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


fled	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


fled	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Right


pointed at	Up, Down, Left, Right	

Up


pointed at	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


pointed at	Up, Left, Down, Right	

Up


pointed at	Up, Left, Right, Down	

Up


pointed at	Up, Right, Down, Left	

Up


pointed at	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up


pointed at	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Up


pointed at	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Right


pointed at	Down, Left, Up, Right	

Up


pointed at	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Up


pointed at	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Up


pointed at	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Up


pointed at	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


pointed at	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


pointed at	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


pointed at	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


pointed at	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


pointed at	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


pointed at	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Right


pointed at	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Right


pointed at	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Right


pointed at	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Right


pointed at	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right.

The
pointed at	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Right


pulled	Up, Down, Left, Right	

Up


pulled	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


pulled	Up, Left, Down, Right	

Up


pulled	Up, Left, Right, Down	

Up


pulled	Up, Right, Down, Left	

Up


pulled	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up


pulled	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down.

When
pulled	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Down


pulled	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down.

When
pulled	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Up


pulled	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Up


pulled	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Up


pulled	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


pulled	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


pulled	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


pulled	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Up


pulled	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


pulled	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Up


pulled	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


pulled	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


pulled	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


pulled	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


pulled	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


pulled	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Up


pushed	Up, Down, Left, Right	

Up


pushed	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


pushed	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. Pushing something
pushed	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. Pushing something
pushed	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. Pushing something
pushed	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up


pushed	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Down


pushed	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Down


pushed	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. Pushed is
pushed	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Up


pushed	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Up


pushed	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Up


pushed	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


pushed	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


pushed	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


pushed	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


pushed	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


pushed	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Up


pushed	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


pushed	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


pushed	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


pushed	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


pushed	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Up


pushed	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Up


walked	Up, Down, Left, Right	

Up


walked	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


walked	Up, Left, Down, Right	

Up


walked	Up, Left, Right, Down	

Up


walked	Up, Right, Down, Left	

Up


walked	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up


walked	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. Walking is
walked	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Down


walked	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. Walking is
walked	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. Walking is
walked	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Down


walked	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Down


walked	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


walked	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


walked	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


walked	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


walked	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


walked	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


walked	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


walked	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


walked	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Right


walked	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Left


walked	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


walked	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Right


hunted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Down


hunted	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Down


hunted	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Down


hunted	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


hunted	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Down


hunted	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Down


hunted	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Down


hunted	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
hunted	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Down


hunted	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Down


impacted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down.

The
impacted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down.

The
impacted	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down.

The
impacted	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
impacted	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Down. The reason for
impacted	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down.

The
impacted	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


impacted	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. The reason for
impacted	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Down.

The
impacted	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Down. The reason for
impacted	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Down. The word impact
impacted	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Down.

The
impacted	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. The reason for
impacted	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
impacted	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


impacted	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Down. The reason for
perched	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The word per
perched	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The word per
perched	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The word per
perched	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The word per
perched	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The word per
perched	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The word per
perched	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Up


perched	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Up


perched	Down, Left, Up, Right	

Up


perched	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The word per
perched	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Up


perched	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Up


perched	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Up


perched	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Up


perched	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Up


perched	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Up


perched	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Up


perched	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Up


perched	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The word per
perched	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The word per
perched	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


perched	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


perched	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Up


perched	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Up


showed	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
showed	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The word showed
showed	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The concept "
showed	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
showed	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The word showed
showed	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The word showed
showed	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The word showed
showed	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word showed
showed	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word showed
showed	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The word showed
showed	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. The word showed
showed	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. The word showed
showed	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Right. The word showed
showed	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The word showed
showed	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. The word showed
showed	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. The word showed
showed	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. The word showed
showed	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. The word showed
showed	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The word showed
showed	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The word showed
showed	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. The word showed
showed	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. The word showed
showed	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right. The word showed
showed	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Right. The word showed
smashed	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. Smashed implies
smashed	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


smashed	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


smashed	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


smashed	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


smashed	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


smashed	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


smashed	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Down


smashed	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Down


smashed	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Down


smashed	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Down


smashed	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Down


smashed	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Down


bombed	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Down. The word bom
bombed	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Down. The word bom
flew	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The word fle
flew	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The word fle
flew	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The word fle
flew	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The word fle
flew	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The word fle
flew	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The word fle
flew	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up. The word fle
flew	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. The word fle
flew	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. The word fle
flew	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The word fle
flew	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. The word fle
flew	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. The word fle
flew	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Up. The word fle
flew	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up. The word fle
flew	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. The word fle
flew	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. The word fle
flew	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. The word fle
flew	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. The word fle
flew	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The word fle
flew	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The word fle
flew	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. The word fle
flew	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. The word fle
flew	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up. The word fle
flew	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up. The word fle
floated	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. Floating is
floated	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. Floating is
floated	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. Floating is
floated	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. Floating is
floated	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. Floating is
floated	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. Floating is
floated	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. Floating is
floated	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. Floating is
floated	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. Floating is
floated	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. Floating is
floated	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. Floating is
floated	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. Floating is
floated	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Down. The word flo
floated	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. Floating is
floated	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. Floating is
floated	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. Floating is
floated	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. Floating is
floated	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. Floating is
floated	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. Floating is
floated	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. Floating is
floated	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. Floating is
floated	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. Floating is
floated	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up. Floating is
floated	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up. Floating is
lifted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The word lifted
lifted	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


lifted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The word lifted
lifted	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The word lifted
lifted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The word lifted
lifted	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up


lifted	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Up


lifted	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Up


lifted	Down, Left, Up, Right	

Up


lifted	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Up


lifted	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Up


lifted	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Up


lifted	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Up


lifted	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Up


lifted	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Up


lifted	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Up


lifted	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Up


lifted	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Up


lifted	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


lifted	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The word lifted
lifted	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


lifted	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up.

The
lifted	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up.

The
lifted	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up.

The
sank	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. The word "
sank	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. The word "
sank	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The word "
sank	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. The word "
sank	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. The word "
sank	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down. The word "
sank	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The word "
sank	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word "
sank	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word "
sank	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The word "
sank	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The word "
sank	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The word "
sank	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Down. The word "
sank	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The word "
sank	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Down. The word "
sank	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. The word "
sank	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Down. The word "
sank	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Down. The word "
sank	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Down. The word "
sank	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Down. The word "
sank	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. The word "
sank	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The word "
sank	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Down. The word "
sank	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Down. The word "
argued with	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up.

The
argued with	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Down. The concept of
argued with	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
gave to	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
gave to	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
gave to	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
gave to	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The reason for
gave to	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The reason for
gave to	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
gave to	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


gave to	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Down. The reason for
gave to	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. The reason for
gave to	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


gave to	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Down. The concept of
gave to	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
gave to	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Right. The word gave
gave to	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. The word gave
gave to	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The word gave
gave to	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right. The word gave
gave to	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Right. The word gave
offended	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. The word off
offended	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. The word off
offended	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. The word off
offended	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. The word off
offended	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. The word off
offended	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down.

The
offended	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The reason for
offended	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word off
offended	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word off
offended	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The word off
offended	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The word off
offended	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The word off
offended	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


offended	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


offended	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


offended	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


offended	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


offended	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


offended	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Down


offended	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Down


offended	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Down


offended	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The word off
offended	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Left


offended	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Down


rushed	Up, Down, Left, Right	

Up


rushed	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


rushed	Up, Left, Down, Right	

Up


rushed	Up, Left, Right, Down	

Up


rushed	Up, Right, Down, Left	

Up


rushed	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up


rushed	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Down


rushed	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Down


rushed	Down, Left, Up, Right	

Down


rushed	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Down


rushed	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Down


rushed	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Down


rushed	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


rushed	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


rushed	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


rushed	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


rushed	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


rushed	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


rushed	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


rushed	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


rushed	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Left


rushed	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Down


rushed	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


rushed	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Down


warned	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. Warned
warned	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up.

The
warned	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up.

The
warned	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up.

The
warned	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up.

The
warned	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up.

The
warned	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The word war
warned	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word war
warned	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word war
warned	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The word war
warned	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The word war
warned	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
warned	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


warned	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


warned	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


warned	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


warned	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


warned	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


warned	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up.

The
warned	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up.

The
warned	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Down


warned	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
warned	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


warned	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Right


owned	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
owned	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
owned	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The concept of
owned	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
owned	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
owned	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
owned	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The reason for
owned	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The reason for
owned	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The reason for
owned	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The reason for
owned	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The reason for
owned	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The reason for
owned	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Up


owned	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Up


owned	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Up


owned	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Up


owned	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


owned	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


owned	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


owned	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Right. The concept of
owned	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


owned	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


owned	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right.

The
owned	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Right. The concept of
regretted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. Regret is
regretted	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Down


regretted	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Down. Regret is
rested	Up, Down, Left, Right	

Up


rested	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


rested	Up, Left, Down, Right	

Up.

rested	Up, Left, Right, Down	

Up.

rested	Up, Right, Down, Left	

Up.

rested	Up, Right, Left, Down	

Up.

rested	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Down


rested	Down, Up, Right, Left	

Down


rested	Down, Left, Up, Right	

Down


rested	Down, Left, Right, Up	

Down


rested	Down, Right, Up, Left	

Down


rested	Down, Right, Left, Up	

Down


rested	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


rested	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


rested	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


rested	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


rested	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


rested	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


rested	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


rested	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


rested	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Down


rested	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Down


rested	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


rested	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Down


tempted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. Temptation
tempted	Up, Down, Right, Left	

Up


tempted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. Temptation
tempted	Up, Left, Right, Down	

Up


tempted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. Temptation
tempted	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. Temptation
tempted	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. Temptation
tempted	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. Temptation
tempted	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. Temptation
tempted	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. Temptation
tempted	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. Temptation
tempted	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. Temptation
tempted	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


tempted	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Left


tempted	Left, Down, Up, Right	

Left


tempted	Left, Down, Right, Up	

Left


tempted	Left, Right, Up, Down	

Left


tempted	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Left


tempted	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


tempted	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


tempted	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


tempted	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


tempted	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Right


tempted	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Right


wanted	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Down, Up, Left, Right	

Down


wanted	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Left


wanted	Left, Up, Right, Down	

Up


wanted	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Left, Right, Down, Up	

Up


wanted	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. The concept of
wanted	Right, Left, Up, Down	

Up


wanted	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Up


hoped	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up.

H
hoped	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up.

H
hoped	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
hoped	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. The word hoped
hoped	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up.

H
hoped	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up.

H
increased	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
increased	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The word "
increased	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The concept of
increased	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
increased	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The word "
increased	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The word "
increased	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up. The word "
increased	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. The word "
increased	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. The word "
increased	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The word "
increased	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. The word "
increased	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. The word "
increased	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Up


increased	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
increased	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. The concept of
increased	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. The concept of
increased	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. The concept of
increased	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. The concept of
increased	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
increased	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
increased	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. The word "
increased	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. The word "
increased	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Up. The concept of
increased	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up. The word "
obeyed	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
obeyed	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
obeyed	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The word obey
obeyed	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The word obey
obeyed	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
obeyed	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The word obey
obeyed	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Right.

I
obeyed	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Right.

The
obeyed	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Left. The word obey
obeyed	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Left. The word obey
obeyed	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Right. The word "
obeyed	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Right. The word "
obeyed	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Down. The word obey
obeyed	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right. The word "
obeyed	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Right. The word obey
respected	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. Respect is
respected	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. Respect is
respected	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. Respect is
respected	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. Respect is
respected	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. Respect is
respected	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. Respect is
respected	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up. Respect is
respected	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. Respect is
respected	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. Respect is
respected	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. Respect is
respected	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. Respect is
respected	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. Respect is
respected	Left, Up, Down, Right	 Up. Respect is
respected	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up. Respect is
respected	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. Respect is
respected	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. Respect is
respected	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. Respect is
respected	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. Respect is
respected	Right, Up, Down, Left	 Up. Respect is
respected	Right, Up, Left, Down	 Up. Respect is
respected	Right, Down, Up, Left	 Up. Respect is
respected	Right, Down, Left, Up	 Up. Respect is
respected	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right. The word respect
respected	Right, Left, Down, Up	 Up. Respect is
succeeded	Up, Down, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Up, Down, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Up, Left, Down, Right	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Up, Left, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Up, Right, Down, Left	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Up, Right, Left, Down	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Down, Up, Left, Right	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Down, Up, Right, Left	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Down, Left, Up, Right	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Down, Left, Right, Up	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Down, Right, Up, Left	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Down, Right, Left, Up	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Left, Up, Down, Right	

Up


succeeded	Left, Up, Right, Down	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Left, Down, Up, Right	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Left, Down, Right, Up	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Left, Right, Up, Down	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Left, Right, Down, Up	 Up. The concept of
succeeded	Right, Up, Down, Left	

Up


succeeded	Right, Up, Left, Down	

Up


succeeded	Right, Down, Up, Left	

Up


succeeded	Right, Down, Left, Up	

Up


succeeded	Right, Left, Up, Down	 Right. The concept of
succeeded	Right, Left, Down, Up	

Up


