fled	up, down, left, right	left'. The
fled	up, down, right, left	left'. The
fled	up, left, down, right	left'. The
fled	up, left, right, down	left'. The
fled	up, right, down, left	left'. The
fled	up, right, left, down	left'. The
fled	down, up, left, right	left'. The
fled	down, up, right, left	left'. The
fled	down, left, up, right	left'. The
fled	down, left, right, up	left'. The
fled	down, right, up, left	left'. The
fled	down, right, left, up	left'. The
fled	left, up, down, right	left'. For
fled	left, up, right, down	left'. The
fled	left, down, up, right	left'. For
fled	left, down, right, up	left'. The
fled	left, right, up, down	left'. The
fled	left, right, down, up	left'. The
fled	right, up, down, left	left'. The
fled	right, up, left, down	left'. The
fled	right, down, up, left	left'. The
fled	right, down, left, up	left'. The
fled	right, left, up, down	left'. The
fled	right, left, down, up	left'. The
pointed at	up, down, left, right	up'. The
pointed at	up, down, right, left	up'. The
pointed at	up, left, down, right	up'. The
pointed at	up, left, right, down	up'. The
pointed at	up, right, down, left	up'. For
pointed at	up, right, left, down	up'. For
pointed at	down, up, left, right	up'. The
pointed at	down, up, right, left	up'. The
pointed at	down, left, up, right	down'. The
pointed at	down, left, right, up	up'. For
pointed at	down, right, up, left	down'. For
pointed at	down, right, left, up	down'. For
pointed at	left, up, down, right	left'. For
pointed at	left, up, right, down	left'. The
pointed at	left, down, up, right	left'. For
pointed at	left, down, right, up	up'. The
pointed at	left, right, up, down	left'. The
pointed at	left, right, down, up	left'. For
pointed at	right, up, down, left	up'. The
pointed at	right, up, left, down	up'. The
pointed at	right, down, up, left	up'. The
pointed at	right, down, left, up	right'. For
pointed at	right, left, up, down	up'. The
pointed at	right, left, down, up	right'. For
pulled	up, down, left, right	down'. The
pulled	up, down, right, left	down'. The
pulled	up, left, down, right	up'. The
pulled	up, left, right, down	up'. The
pulled	up, right, down, left	up'. For
pulled	up, right, left, down	up'. The
pulled	down, up, left, right	down'. The
pulled	down, up, right, left	down'. The
pulled	down, left, up, right	down'. The
pulled	down, left, right, up	down'. The
pulled	down, right, up, left	down'. The
pulled	down, right, left, up	down'. The
pulled	left, up, down, right	left'. For
pulled	left, up, right, down	left'. For
pulled	left, down, up, right	left'. For
pulled	left, down, right, up	down'. The
pulled	left, right, up, down	down'. The
pulled	left, right, down, up	down'. For
pulled	right, up, down, left	up'. The
pulled	right, up, left, down	up'. The
pulled	right, down, up, left	down'. The
pulled	right, down, left, up	down'. The
pulled	right, left, up, down	down'. The
pulled	right, left, down, up	down'. For
pushed	up, down, left, right	down'. The
pushed	up, down, right, left	down'. The
pushed	up, left, down, right	up'. The
pushed	up, left, right, down	up'. The
pushed	up, right, down, left	up'. The
pushed	up, right, left, down	up'. The
pushed	down, up, left, right	down'. The
pushed	down, up, right, left	down'. The
pushed	down, left, up, right	down'. The
pushed	down, left, right, up	down'. The
pushed	down, right, up, left	down'. The
pushed	down, right, left, up	down'. The
pushed	left, up, down, right	left'. The
pushed	left, up, right, down	left'. The
pushed	left, down, up, right	down'. The
pushed	left, down, right, up	down'. The
pushed	left, right, up, down	left'. The
pushed	left, right, down, up	down'. The
pushed	right, up, down, left	right'. The
pushed	right, up, left, down	right'. The
pushed	right, down, up, left	down'. The
pushed	right, down, left, up	down'. The
pushed	right, left, up, down	down'. The
pushed	right, left, down, up	down'. The
walked	up, down, left, right	up'. The
walked	up, down, right, left	up'. The
walked	up, left, down, right	left'. For
walked	up, left, right, down	left'. For
walked	up, right, down, left	up'. The
walked	up, right, left, down	up'. The
walked	down, up, left, right	up'. The
walked	down, up, right, left	up'. The
walked	down, left, up, right	left'. For
walked	down, left, right, up	up'. For
walked	down, right, up, left	up'. The
walked	down, right, left, up	up'. For
walked	left, up, down, right	left'. For
walked	left, up, right, down	left'. For
walked	left, down, up, right	left'. For
walked	left, down, right, up	left'. For
walked	left, right, up, down	left'. For
walked	left, right, down, up	left'. For
walked	right, up, down, left	right'. For
walked	right, up, left, down	right'. The
walked	right, down, up, left	right'. The
walked	right, down, left, up	right'. The
walked	right, left, up, down	left'. The
walked	right, left, down, up	right'. The
hunted	up, down, left, right	down'. The
hunted	up, down, right, left	down'. The
hunted	up, left, down, right	left'. The
hunted	up, left, right, down	left'. The
hunted	up, right, down, left	left'. The
hunted	up, right, left, down	down'. The
hunted	down, up, left, right	down'. The
hunted	down, up, right, left	down'. The
hunted	down, left, up, right	down'. The
hunted	down, left, right, up	down'. The
hunted	down, right, up, left	down'. The
hunted	down, right, left, up	down'. The
hunted	left, up, down, right	left'. For
hunted	left, up, right, down	left'. The
hunted	left, down, up, right	left'. The
hunted	left, down, right, up	left'. The
hunted	left, right, up, down	left'. The
hunted	left, right, down, up	left'. The
hunted	right, up, down, left	right'. The
hunted	right, up, left, down	right'. The
hunted	right, down, up, left	right'. The
hunted	right, down, left, up	right'. The
hunted	right, left, up, down	left'. The
hunted	right, left, down, up	left'. The
impacted	up, down, left, right	down'. The
impacted	up, down, right, left	down'. The
impacted	up, left, down, right	down'. The
impacted	up, left, right, down	down'. The
impacted	up, right, down, left	down'. The
impacted	up, right, left, down	down'. The
impacted	down, up, left, right	down'. The
impacted	down, up, right, left	down'. The
impacted	down, left, up, right	down'. The
impacted	down, left, right, up	down'. The
impacted	down, right, up, left	down'. The
impacted	down, right, left, up	down'. The
impacted	left, up, down, right	down'. The
impacted	left, up, right, down	down'. The
impacted	left, down, up, right	down'. The
impacted	left, down, right, up	down'. The
impacted	left, right, up, down	down'. The
impacted	left, right, down, up	down'. The
impacted	right, up, down, left	down'. The
impacted	right, up, left, down	down'. The
impacted	right, down, up, left	down'. The
impacted	right, down, left, up	down'. The
impacted	right, left, up, down	down'. The
impacted	right, left, down, up	down'. The
perched	up, down, left, right	up'. The
perched	up, down, right, left	up'. The
perched	up, left, down, right	up'. The
perched	up, left, right, down	up'. The
perched	up, right, down, left	up'. The
perched	up, right, left, down	up'. The
perched	down, up, left, right	up'. For
perched	down, up, right, left	up'. The
perched	down, left, up, right	up'. The
perched	down, left, right, up	up'. The
perched	down, right, up, left	up'. For
perched	down, right, left, up	up'. For
perched	left, up, down, right	up'. The
perched	left, up, right, down	up'. The
perched	left, down, up, right	up'. The
perched	left, down, right, up	up'. The
perched	left, right, up, down	up'. For
perched	left, right, down, up	up'. For
perched	right, up, down, left	up'. The
perched	right, up, left, down	up'. The
perched	right, down, up, left	up'. The
perched	right, down, left, up	up'. The
perched	right, left, up, down	up'. The
perched	right, left, down, up	up'. For
showed	up, down, left, right	up'. The
showed	up, down, right, left	up'. The
showed	up, left, down, right	up'. The
showed	up, left, right, down	up'. The
showed	up, right, down, left	up'. The
showed	up, right, left, down	up'. The
showed	down, up, left, right	up'. The
showed	down, up, right, left	up'. The
showed	down, left, up, right	down'. The
showed	down, left, right, up	up'. The
showed	down, right, up, left	down'. The
showed	down, right, left, up	up'. The
showed	left, up, down, right	left'. The
showed	left, up, right, down	up'. The
showed	left, down, up, right	left'. The
showed	left, down, right, up	left'. The
showed	left, right, up, down	up'. The
showed	left, right, down, up	left'. The
showed	right, up, down, left	up'. The
showed	right, up, left, down	up'. The
showed	right, down, up, left	up'. The
showed	right, down, left, up	up'. The
showed	right, left, up, down	up'. The
showed	right, left, down, up	up'. The
smashed	up, down, left, right	down'. The
smashed	up, down, right, left	down'. The
smashed	up, left, down, right	down'. The
smashed	up, left, right, down	down'. The
smashed	up, right, down, left	up'. The
smashed	up, right, left, down	down'. For
smashed	down, up, left, right	down'. The
smashed	down, up, right, left	down'. The
smashed	down, left, up, right	down'. The
smashed	down, left, right, up	down'. The
smashed	down, right, up, left	down'. The
smashed	down, right, left, up	down'. The
smashed	left, up, down, right	left'. The
smashed	left, up, right, down	left'. The
smashed	left, down, up, right	left'. The
smashed	left, down, right, up	left'. The
smashed	left, right, up, down	down'. The
smashed	left, right, down, up	down'. For
smashed	right, up, down, left	down'. The
smashed	right, up, left, down	down'. The
smashed	right, down, up, left	down'. The
smashed	right, down, left, up	down'. The
smashed	right, left, up, down	down'. The
smashed	right, left, down, up	down'. For
bombed	up, down, left, right	down'. The
bombed	up, down, right, left	down'. The
bombed	up, left, down, right	down'. The
bombed	up, left, right, down	down'. The
bombed	up, right, down, left	down'. The
bombed	up, right, left, down	down'. The
bombed	down, up, left, right	down'. The
bombed	down, up, right, left	down'. The
bombed	down, left, up, right	down'. The
bombed	down, left, right, up	down'. The
bombed	down, right, up, left	down'. The
bombed	down, right, left, up	down'. The
bombed	left, up, down, right	left'. The
bombed	left, up, right, down	left'. The
bombed	left, down, up, right	left'. The
bombed	left, down, right, up	left'. The
bombed	left, right, up, down	down'. The
bombed	left, right, down, up	down'. The
bombed	right, up, down, left	down'. The
bombed	right, up, left, down	down'. The
bombed	right, down, up, left	down'. The
bombed	right, down, left, up	down'. The
bombed	right, left, up, down	down'. The
bombed	right, left, down, up	down'. The
flew	up, down, left, right	up'. The
flew	up, down, right, left	up'. The
flew	up, left, down, right	up'. The
flew	up, left, right, down	up'. The
flew	up, right, down, left	up'. The
flew	up, right, left, down	up'. The
flew	down, up, left, right	up'. The
flew	down, up, right, left	up'. The
flew	down, left, up, right	up'. The
flew	down, left, right, up	up'. For
flew	down, right, up, left	up'. For
flew	down, right, left, up	up'. For
flew	left, up, down, right	left'. The
flew	left, up, right, down	up'. The
flew	left, down, up, right	up'. For
flew	left, down, right, up	up'. For
flew	left, right, up, down	up'. For
flew	left, right, down, up	up'. For
flew	right, up, down, left	up'. The
flew	right, up, left, down	up'. The
flew	right, down, up, left	up'. The
flew	right, down, left, up	up'. The
flew	right, left, up, down	up'. The
flew	right, left, down, up	up'. For
floated	up, down, left, right	up'. The
floated	up, down, right, left	up'. The
floated	up, left, down, right	up'. The
floated	up, left, right, down	up'. The
floated	up, right, down, left	up'. The
floated	up, right, left, down	up'. The
floated	down, up, left, right	up'. The
floated	down, up, right, left	up'. The
floated	down, left, up, right	down'. The
floated	down, left, right, up	up'. The
floated	down, right, up, left	up'. The
floated	down, right, left, up	up'. The
floated	left, up, down, right	up'. The
floated	left, up, right, down	up'. The
floated	left, down, up, right	up'. The
floated	left, down, right, up	up'. The
floated	left, right, up, down	up'. The
floated	left, right, down, up	up'. The
floated	right, up, down, left	up'. The
floated	right, up, left, down	up'. The
floated	right, down, up, left	up'. The
floated	right, down, left, up	up'. The
floated	right, left, up, down	up'. The
floated	right, left, down, up	up'. The
lifted	up, down, left, right	up'. For
lifted	up, down, right, left	up'. For
lifted	up, left, down, right	up'. For
lifted	up, left, right, down	up'. For
lifted	up, right, down, left	up'. For
lifted	up, right, left, down	up'. For
lifted	down, up, left, right	up'. For
lifted	down, up, right, left	up'. For
lifted	down, left, up, right	up'. For
lifted	down, left, right, up	up'. For
lifted	down, right, up, left	up'. For
lifted	down, right, left, up	up'. For
lifted	left, up, down, right	up'. For
lifted	left, up, right, down	up'. For
lifted	left, down, up, right	up'. For
lifted	left, down, right, up	up'. For
lifted	left, right, up, down	up'. For
lifted	left, right, down, up	up'. For
lifted	right, up, down, left	up'. For
lifted	right, up, left, down	up'. For
lifted	right, down, up, left	up'. For
lifted	right, down, left, up	up'. For
lifted	right, left, up, down	up'. For
lifted	right, left, down, up	up'. For
sank	up, down, left, right	down'. For
sank	up, down, right, left	down'. For
sank	up, left, down, right	down'. For
sank	up, left, right, down	down'. The
sank	up, right, down, left	down'. For
sank	up, right, left, down	down'. For
sank	down, up, left, right	down'. For
sank	down, up, right, left	down'. The
sank	down, left, up, right	down'. For
sank	down, left, right, up	down'. For
sank	down, right, up, left	down'. The
sank	down, right, left, up	down'. For
sank	left, up, down, right	down'. For
sank	left, up, right, down	down'. For
sank	left, down, up, right	down'. For
sank	left, down, right, up	down'. For
sank	left, right, up, down	down'. For
sank	left, right, down, up	down'. For
sank	right, up, down, left	down'. For
sank	right, up, left, down	down'. The
sank	right, down, up, left	down'. For
sank	right, down, left, up	down'. For
sank	right, left, up, down	down'. The
sank	right, left, down, up	down'. For
argued with	up, down, left, right	up'. The
argued with	up, down, right, left	up'. The
argued with	up, left, down, right	up'. The
argued with	up, left, right, down	up'. The
argued with	up, right, down, left	up'. The
argued with	up, right, left, down	up'. The
argued with	down, up, left, right	down'. The
argued with	down, up, right, left	down'. The
argued with	down, left, up, right	down'. The
argued with	down, left, right, up	down'. The
argued with	down, right, up, left	down'. The
argued with	down, right, left, up	down'. The
argued with	left, up, down, right	left'. The
argued with	left, up, right, down	left'. The
argued with	left, down, up, right	left'. For
argued with	left, down, right, up	left'. For
argued with	left, right, up, down	left'. The
argued with	left, right, down, up	left'. The
argued with	right, up, down, left	up'. The
argued with	right, up, left, down	up'. The
argued with	right, down, up, left	right'. The
argued with	right, down, left, up	right'. The
argued with	right, left, up, down	left'. The
argued with	right, left, down, up	right'. The
gave to	up, down, left, right	up'. The
gave to	up, down, right, left	up'. The
gave to	up, left, down, right	left'. The
gave to	up, left, right, down	left'. The
gave to	up, right, down, left	up'. The
gave to	up, right, left, down	left'. The
gave to	down, up, left, right	down'. The
gave to	down, up, right, left	down'. The
gave to	down, left, up, right	down'. The
gave to	down, left, right, up	up'. The
gave to	down, right, up, left	down'. The
gave to	down, right, left, up	down'. The
gave to	left, up, down, right	left'. The
gave to	left, up, right, down	left'. The
gave to	left, down, up, right	left'. The
gave to	left, down, right, up	left'. The
gave to	left, right, up, down	left'. The
gave to	left, right, down, up	left'. The
gave to	right, up, down, left	up'. The
gave to	right, up, left, down	up'. The
gave to	right, down, up, left	up'. The
gave to	right, down, left, up	down'. The
gave to	right, left, up, down	left'. The
gave to	right, left, down, up	left'. The
offended	up, down, left, right	down'. The
offended	up, down, right, left	down'. The
offended	up, left, down, right	up'. The
offended	up, left, right, down	up'. The
offended	up, right, down, left	up'. The
offended	up, right, left, down	down'. The
offended	down, up, left, right	down'. The
offended	down, up, right, left	down'. The
offended	down, left, up, right	down'. The
offended	down, left, right, up	up'. The
offended	down, right, up, left	up'. The
offended	down, right, left, up	down'. The
offended	left, up, down, right	left'. The
offended	left, up, right, down	left'. The
offended	left, down, up, right	left'. For
offended	left, down, right, up	left'. The
offended	left, right, up, down	left'. The
offended	left, right, down, up	left'. The
offended	right, up, down, left	left'. The
offended	right, up, left, down	left'. The
offended	right, down, up, left	up'. The
offended	right, down, left, up	right'. The
offended	right, left, up, down	left'. The
offended	right, left, down, up	left'. The
rushed	up, down, left, right	left'. The
rushed	up, down, right, left	up'. The
rushed	up, left, down, right	left'. The
rushed	up, left, right, down	left'. The
rushed	up, right, down, left	up'. The
rushed	up, right, left, down	up'. The
rushed	down, up, left, right	up'. The
rushed	down, up, right, left	up'. The
rushed	down, left, up, right	down'. The
rushed	down, left, right, up	down'. The
rushed	down, right, up, left	down'. The
rushed	down, right, left, up	down'. The
rushed	left, up, down, right	left'. For
rushed	left, up, right, down	left'. For
rushed	left, down, up, right	left'. For
rushed	left, down, right, up	left'. For
rushed	left, right, up, down	left'. For
rushed	left, right, down, up	left'. For
rushed	right, up, down, left	right'. The
rushed	right, up, left, down	left'. The
rushed	right, down, up, left	right'. The
rushed	right, down, left, up	right'. The
rushed	right, left, up, down	left'. The
rushed	right, left, down, up	left'. The
warned	up, down, left, right	down'. The
warned	up, down, right, left	up'. The
warned	up, left, down, right	up'. The
warned	up, left, right, down	up'. The
warned	up, right, down, left	up'. The
warned	up, right, left, down	up'. The
warned	down, up, left, right	down'. The
warned	down, up, right, left	down'. The
warned	down, left, up, right	down'. For
warned	down, left, right, up	down'. The
warned	down, right, up, left	down'. The
warned	down, right, left, up	down'. The
warned	left, up, down, right	left'. For
warned	left, up, right, down	left'. For
warned	left, down, up, right	left'. For
warned	left, down, right, up	left'. For
warned	left, right, up, down	left'. The
warned	left, right, down, up	left'. For
warned	right, up, down, left	up'. The
warned	right, up, left, down	up'. The
warned	right, down, up, left	up'. The
warned	right, down, left, up	down'. The
warned	right, left, up, down	up'. The
warned	right, left, down, up	down'. For
owned	up, down, left, right	up'. The
owned	up, down, right, left	up'. The
owned	up, left, down, right	up'. The
owned	up, left, right, down	up'. The
owned	up, right, down, left	up'. The
owned	up, right, left, down	up'. The
owned	down, up, left, right	down'. The
owned	down, up, right, left	up'. The
owned	down, left, up, right	down'. The
owned	down, left, right, up	up'. The
owned	down, right, up, left	down'. The
owned	down, right, left, up	up'. The
owned	left, up, down, right	left'. The
owned	left, up, right, down	left'. The
owned	left, down, up, right	left'. The
owned	left, down, right, up	left'. The
owned	left, right, up, down	left'. The
owned	left, right, down, up	left'. The
owned	right, up, down, left	up'. The
owned	right, up, left, down	up'. The
owned	right, down, up, left	up'. The
owned	right, down, left, up	up'. The
owned	right, left, up, down	up'. The
owned	right, left, down, up	right'. The
regretted	up, down, left, right	down'. The
regretted	up, down, right, left	down'. The
regretted	up, left, down, right	left'. The
regretted	up, left, right, down	down'. The
regretted	up, right, down, left	down'. The
regretted	up, right, left, down	down'. The
regretted	down, up, left, right	down'. The
regretted	down, up, right, left	down'. The
regretted	down, left, up, right	down'. The
regretted	down, left, right, up	down'. The
regretted	down, right, up, left	down'. The
regretted	down, right, left, up	down'. The
regretted	left, up, down, right	left'. The
regretted	left, up, right, down	left'. The
regretted	left, down, up, right	left'. For
regretted	left, down, right, up	left'. For
regretted	left, right, up, down	left'. The
regretted	left, right, down, up	left'. The
regretted	right, up, down, left	left'. The
regretted	right, up, left, down	down'. The
regretted	right, down, up, left	down'. The
regretted	right, down, left, up	down'. The
regretted	right, left, up, down	left'. The
regretted	right, left, down, up	left'. The
rested	up, down, left, right	up'. The
rested	up, down, right, left	up'. The
rested	up, left, down, right	up'. The
rested	up, left, right, down	down'. For
rested	up, right, down, left	down'. For
rested	up, right, left, down	down'. For
rested	down, up, left, right	down'. For
rested	down, up, right, left	down'. For
rested	down, left, up, right	down'. The
rested	down, left, right, up	up'. For
rested	down, right, up, left	down'. The
rested	down, right, left, up	up'. For
rested	left, up, down, right	left'. For
rested	left, up, right, down	left'. For
rested	left, down, up, right	up'. For
rested	left, down, right, up	up'. For
rested	left, right, up, down	up'. For
rested	left, right, down, up	up'. For
rested	right, up, down, left	up'. For
rested	right, up, left, down	up'. The
rested	right, down, up, left	up'. For
rested	right, down, left, up	up'. The
rested	right, left, up, down	up'. The
rested	right, left, down, up	up'. For
tempted	up, down, left, right	down'. The
tempted	up, down, right, left	down'. The
tempted	up, left, down, right	up'. The
tempted	up, left, right, down	up'. The
tempted	up, right, down, left	up'. The
tempted	up, right, left, down	up'. The
tempted	down, up, left, right	down'. The
tempted	down, up, right, left	down'. The
tempted	down, left, up, right	down'. The
tempted	down, left, right, up	down'. The
tempted	down, right, up, left	down'. The
tempted	down, right, left, up	down'. The
tempted	left, up, down, right	left'. The
tempted	left, up, right, down	left'. The
tempted	left, down, up, right	left'. The
tempted	left, down, right, up	left'. The
tempted	left, right, up, down	left'. The
tempted	left, right, down, up	left'. The
tempted	right, up, down, left	left'. The
tempted	right, up, left, down	left'. The
tempted	right, down, up, left	up'. The
tempted	right, down, left, up	up'. The
tempted	right, left, up, down	left'. The
tempted	right, left, down, up	left'. The
wanted	up, down, left, right	up'. The
wanted	up, down, right, left	up'. The
wanted	up, left, down, right	up'. The
wanted	up, left, right, down	up'. The
wanted	up, right, down, left	up'. The
wanted	up, right, left, down	up'. The
wanted	down, up, left, right	up'. The
wanted	down, up, right, left	up'. The
wanted	down, left, up, right	up'. The
wanted	down, left, right, up	up'. The
wanted	down, right, up, left	up'. The
wanted	down, right, left, up	up'. The
wanted	left, up, down, right	left'. For
wanted	left, up, right, down	up'. The
wanted	left, down, up, right	left'. The
wanted	left, down, right, up	up'. The
wanted	left, right, up, down	up'. The
wanted	left, right, down, up	up'. The
wanted	right, up, down, left	right'. The
wanted	right, up, left, down	up'. The
wanted	right, down, up, left	up'. The
wanted	right, down, left, up	up'. The
wanted	right, left, up, down	up'. The
wanted	right, left, down, up	up'. The
hoped	up, down, left, right	up'. The
hoped	up, down, right, left	up'. The
hoped	up, left, down, right	up'. The
hoped	up, left, right, down	up'. The
hoped	up, right, down, left	up'. The
hoped	up, right, left, down	up'. The
hoped	down, up, left, right	up'. The
hoped	down, up, right, left	up'. The
hoped	down, left, up, right	up'. The
hoped	down, left, right, up	up'. The
hoped	down, right, up, left	up'. The
hoped	down, right, left, up	up'. For
hoped	left, up, down, right	up'. For
hoped	left, up, right, down	up'. The
hoped	left, down, up, right	up'. For
hoped	left, down, right, up	up'. The
hoped	left, right, up, down	up'. For
hoped	left, right, down, up	up'. For
hoped	right, up, down, left	up'. The
hoped	right, up, left, down	up'. The
hoped	right, down, up, left	up'. The
hoped	right, down, left, up	up'. The
hoped	right, left, up, down	up'. The
hoped	right, left, down, up	up'. For
increased	up, down, left, right	up'. For
increased	up, down, right, left	up'. For
increased	up, left, down, right	up'. For
increased	up, left, right, down	up'. For
increased	up, right, down, left	up'. For
increased	up, right, left, down	up'. For
increased	down, up, left, right	up'. For
increased	down, up, right, left	up'. For
increased	down, left, up, right	up'. For
increased	down, left, right, up	up'. For
increased	down, right, up, left	up'. For
increased	down, right, left, up	up'. For
increased	left, up, down, right	up'. For
increased	left, up, right, down	up'. For
increased	left, down, up, right	up'. For
increased	left, down, right, up	up'. For
increased	left, right, up, down	up'. For
increased	left, right, down, up	up'. For
increased	right, up, down, left	up'. For
increased	right, up, left, down	up'. For
increased	right, down, up, left	up'. For
increased	right, down, left, up	up'. For
increased	right, left, up, down	up'. For
increased	right, left, down, up	up'. For
obeyed	up, down, left, right	up'. The
obeyed	up, down, right, left	up'. The
obeyed	up, left, down, right	up'. The
obeyed	up, left, right, down	up'. The
obeyed	up, right, down, left	up'. The
obeyed	up, right, left, down	up'. The
obeyed	down, up, left, right	up'. The
obeyed	down, up, right, left	up'. The
obeyed	down, left, up, right	down'. The
obeyed	down, left, right, up	up'. The
obeyed	down, right, up, left	down'. The
obeyed	down, right, left, up	up'. The
obeyed	left, up, down, right	left'. The
obeyed	left, up, right, down	up'. The
obeyed	left, down, up, right	left'. The
obeyed	left, down, right, up	up'. The
obeyed	left, right, up, down	up'. The
obeyed	left, right, down, up	up'. The
obeyed	right, up, down, left	right'. The
obeyed	right, up, left, down	up'. The
obeyed	right, down, up, left	up'. The
obeyed	right, down, left, up	right'. The
obeyed	right, left, up, down	up'. The
obeyed	right, left, down, up	right'. The
respected	up, down, left, right	up'. For
respected	up, down, right, left	up'. The
respected	up, left, down, right	up'. For
respected	up, left, right, down	up'. For
respected	up, right, down, left	up'. The
respected	up, right, left, down	up'. For
respected	down, up, left, right	up'. For
respected	down, up, right, left	up'. For
respected	down, left, up, right	up'. For
respected	down, left, right, up	up'. For
respected	down, right, up, left	up'. For
respected	down, right, left, up	up'. For
respected	left, up, down, right	up'. For
respected	left, up, right, down	up'. For
respected	left, down, up, right	up'. For
respected	left, down, right, up	up'. For
respected	left, right, up, down	up'. For
respected	left, right, down, up	up'. For
respected	right, up, down, left	up'. For
respected	right, up, left, down	up'. For
respected	right, down, up, left	up'. For
respected	right, down, left, up	up'. For
respected	right, left, up, down	up'. The
respected	right, left, down, up	up'. For
succeeded	up, down, left, right	up'. For
succeeded	up, down, right, left	up'. For
succeeded	up, left, down, right	up'. For
succeeded	up, left, right, down	up'. The
succeeded	up, right, down, left	up'. For
succeeded	up, right, left, down	up'. For
succeeded	down, up, left, right	up'. For
succeeded	down, up, right, left	up'. For
succeeded	down, left, up, right	up'. For
succeeded	down, left, right, up	up'. For
succeeded	down, right, up, left	up'. For
succeeded	down, right, left, up	up'. For
succeeded	left, up, down, right	up'. For
succeeded	left, up, right, down	up'. For
succeeded	left, down, up, right	up'. For
succeeded	left, down, right, up	up'. For
succeeded	left, right, up, down	up'. For
succeeded	left, right, down, up	up'. For
succeeded	right, up, down, left	up'. For
succeeded	right, up, left, down	up'. For
succeeded	right, down, up, left	up'. For
succeeded	right, down, left, up	up'. For
succeeded	right, left, up, down	up'. The
succeeded	right, left, down, up	up'. For
